Granular variables, parallel computing, cache saving and loading, detailed outputting (#5)
ImperialCollegeLondon/DirectSearch.jl: docs/src/man/usage.md

```julia
SetVariableBound(p, i, 10000, 20000)
```

The same operation can be applied to all variables with `SetVariableBounds` (example for N=3):
```julia
SetVariableBounds(p, [10000, -5, -10000], [20000, 5, 10000])
```

Be aware that this **does not** add a constraint on the variable, it **only** gives additional information when defining the initial poll size, which acts as the initial scaling of the variables. Constraints on variable range should be added explicitly as constraints.

### Granular Variables
If variables other than continuous, such as integers, are desired to be used, this can be specified through the granularity of the problem variables. The granularity is taken to be 0 for continuous variables and 1 for integers. The granularity can be any non-negative value.

If the granularity for a single variable is required to be defined, it can be set with `SetGranularity`. `i` is the index of the variable, and the following number is the granularity.
```julia
SetGranularity(p, i, 0.1)
```

> The same operation can be applied to all variables with `SetGranularities` (example for N=3):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same operation can be applied to all variables with `SetGranularities` (example for a problem with 3 variables):
```

```julia
SetGranularities(p, [1.0, 0.1, 0.01])
```

### Optimizing
Run the algorithm with `Optimize!`.
```julia
Optimize!(p)
```

> This will run MADS until one of the defined stopping conditions is met. By default, the stopping conditions are set to the iteration limit (default 1000), function evaluation limit (default 5000), mesh precision limit (`Float64` precision) and poll precision limit (`Float64` precision). For more details on stopping conditions, and how to add a custom one see [Adding Stopping Conditions](@ref).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run MADS until one of the defined stopping conditions is met. For more details on stopping conditions, and how to add a custom one see [Adding Stopping Conditions](@ref).
```

> After optimization is finished, the detailed results are printed as in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the optimization is finished, detailed results are printed as in the following example:
```

p = DSProblem(3; poll=LTMADS())
p = DSProblem(3; poll=OrthoMADS())
```

> Two poll steps are included. The first is LTMADS, which generates a set of directions from a basis generated from a semi-random lower triangular matrix. The other is OrthoMADS, a later algorithm that generates an orthogonal set of directions. It was recently adapted to granular variables as in 2019 C. Audet, S. Le Digabel, and C. Tribes, but the same name is continued to be used. By default, LTMADS is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two poll types are included. The first is LTMADS, which generates a set of directions from a basis generated from a semi-random lower triangular matrix. The other is OrthoMADS, a later algorithm that generates an orthogonal set of directions. It was recently adapted to granular variables in 2019 C. Audet, S. Le Digabel, and C. Tribes, but the same name is continued to be used. By default, LTMADS is used.
```
